README.md, before:

# Learn React.js Interactive Platform

Welcome to our interactive learning platform dedicated to teaching the basics of React.js to beginners and amateur developers. Through a fusion of AI-powered support, hands-on coding within an in-browser development environment, and an extensive selection of video tutorials, we aim to make learning React.js an accessible and enjoyable journey for everyone.

## Project Objectives

- **AI-Powered Assistance**: Deliver instant support for user queries, provide practical exercises, quizzes, and code debugging help.
- **In-Browser Development Environment**: Allow users to write, test, and run code directly in the browser, negating the need for external IDE installations.
- **Video Tutorial Library**: Offer curated video content from expert programmers and give users the ability to compile their own playlists for a customized learning experience.

## Tech Stack

- **Front-End**: React.js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ES6+
- **AI Integration**: OpenAI's GPT-3.5 for interactive learning and support
- **In-Browser Editor**: Ace Editor / CodeMirror / CodeSandbox
- **Video Integration**: YouTube API
- **Deployment**: AWS / Vercel / Netlify
- **Version Control**: Git

## Contributors

- **Jashan Gill**: Lead Frontend Developer
- **Anthony Gudiel**: Backend Developer & AI Specialist
- **Clement Lau**: Full Stack Developer & Code Auditor
- **Duc viet Nguyen**: UI Designer & Educational Content Strategist


## Setup Instructions

To set up this project locally, follow the instructions below:

### Prerequisites

- Git
- Experience with JavaScript recommended

### Clone the Repository

git clone https://github.com/anthony-gudiel/reactjs-learning-app.git

Commit message:

Updated README.md with AI Declaration Form info

README.md, after:

# Learn React.js Interactive Platform

Welcome to our interactive learning platform dedicated to teaching the basics of React.js to beginners and amateur developers. Through a fusion of AI-powered support, hands-on coding within an in-browser development environment, and an extensive selection of video tutorials, we aim to make learning React.js an accessible and enjoyable journey for everyone.

## Project Objectives

- **AI-Powered Assistance**: Deliver instant support for user queries, provide practical exercises, quizzes, and code debugging help.
- **In-Browser Development Environment**: Allow users to write, test, and run code directly in the browser, negating the need for external IDE installations.
- **Video Tutorial Library**: Offer curated video content from expert programmers and give users the ability to compile their own playlists for a customized learning experience.

## Tech Stack

- **Front-End**: React.js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ES6+
- **AI Integration**: OpenAI's GPT-3.5 for interactive learning and support
- **In-Browser Editor**: Ace Editor / CodeMirror / CodeSandbox
- **Video Integration**: YouTube API
- **Deployment**: AWS / Vercel / Netlify
- **Version Control**: Git

## Contributors

- **Jashan Gill**: Lead Frontend Developer
- **Anthony Gudiel**: Backend Developer & AI Specialist
- **Clement Lau**: Full Stack Developer & Code Auditor
- **Duc viet Nguyen**: UI Designer & Educational Content Strategist


## Setup Instructions

To set up this project locally, follow the instructions below:

### Prerequisites

- Git
- Experience with JavaScript recommended

### AI Declaration Forms

Our AI Declaration forms can be found in the AI Declaration folder under Project Documents.

### Clone the Repository

git clone https://github.com/anthony-gudiel/reactjs-learning-app.git
